you
what's up the youtube name is Anthony
and today I'm going to be showing you
guys how to put themes on to your
sidekick three mines broken because uh
yeah um anyway what you want to do as
you look on to the monitor while you're
watching this we're gonna put in our USB
Drive into the computer and then dialog
box come up as you see you want to click
on open folders then once it comes up
you're going to see two folders music
and DCIM what you want to do is hit new
folder name it beams now open up
Internet Explorer
as its neck floor opens up go to the
address bar and type in Christ sk3
gamescom once the page loads up you're
going to scroll down until you find the
theme you like sorry my computers going
slow some strange reason all right here
we go got a scroll down um let's see
here let's take this one actually no
let's take the blue all right once this
dialog box comes up you click Save don't
click open click Save save it to your
desktop it's a lot easier than searching
through your files click save and once
it downloads all right you're going to
click on open after downloads and you're
going to extract the files once this
fold there comes up here we go all right
you want to do is click extract all
files and you can browse your computer
it's a lot easier instead of dragging it
in there go to whatever you named your
sidekick 3 go to themes click ok click
extract
now once it downloads what you do is
pull out the cord and then here we go
now I'll show you you want open up the
sidekick hit this go to backgrounds
click on hello oops my bed go on royal
liquid and there you go the theme is
there your sidekick looks brand new well
on the inside unfortunately for mine it
already has a scar which I'm okay with
them and there you go alright guys
thanks for watching subscribe to my
channel more tips and tricks peace